
# Minutes of first boardmeeting of Stichting Hackerspace Nijmegen
March 20, 2018

Board members present: Michiel Klaarwater
Others present: Ed van Dalen, Sjoerd Timmer, Stefan Marsiske

## Actions:
**Michiel:** send the required documents to the KvK
**Michiel** request a draft of the contract and forward it.
**Michiel and Ed** will go to Arnhem on Thursday the 29 of March to sign the contract.
**Sjoerd:** make inquiries with at least 3 insurance companies about the cost and if they vary a lot investigate more options.
**Michiel:** make a spreadsheet to inquire if other prospective participants would like to contribute.

## Summary by subject:
1. Composition of the board:
It was unanimously decided by the board to appoint Ed van Dalen as general member of the board, Sjoerd Timmer as secretary and Stefan Marsiske as treasurer with immediate effect.
AP[Michiel]: send the required documents to the KvK

2. Rental contract
Slak requires a payment of 370 when signing the contract. This includes the first month of rent.
There is a last-minute option for another location (forwarded by Walter) at the Bottelstraat 8a. However, the rent would be 395 excluding all amenities. 
Decision: the room at Bottelstraat 8a is too expensive for us at the moment.
Decision: (unanimous) We will rent the Slak space at Elzenstraat, provided that no unacceptable terms are introduced in the contract (of which we have not received a draft yet).
AP[Michiel]: request a draft of the contract and forward it.
AP[Michiel and Ed] will go to Arnhem on Thursday the 29 of March to sign the contract.

3. Liability insurance (WA verzekering)
It was asked why slak might force that upon us since usually this kind of insurance does not cover damages to borrowed or rented goods. It is probably to protect the property of other renters of the complex.
AP[Sjoerd]: make inquiries with at least 3 insurance companies about the cost and if they vary a lot investigate more options.

4. Finances
A bank account has been opened at regiobank. It takes a few more days before that becomes active. It will be active in time for us to ask people to transfer their first months donations such that we can pay the 370 euro required to sign the contract. 
The costs of founding the stichting have so far been advanced by Michiel. If necessary we will divide those costs among the four of us.
AP[Michiel]: make a spreadsheet to inquire if other prospective participants would like to contribute.
At this point it is hard to estimate how much money is needed to decorate/furnish the place and to organise an opening party. The latter should have a positive net effect.
Decision: opening party will be a “grass-roots” type of funding. Individuals with things to sell will buy them themselves, collect the innings and donate any profits to the space. I.e. nothing will be purchased from the space account. 


## See also:
See also [the notes on the discussion about the opening event](../spaceopening.md) that followed
